title: "openEHR Archetypes and Templates" permalink:
ES1-archetypes-templates.html summary: This section provides a basic
overview of openEHR archetypes and templates ---

The Operon Ehrscape API consumes, retrieves and queries patient
healthcare data using a standardised specification and querying format
defined by the openEHR Foundation. openEHR is complex and can be
difficult for novices to understand (even those with a solid technical
background) but the Ehrscape API considerably simplifies the interface
with openEHR systems.

[openEHR](http://openehr.org) provides a way for clinicians to define
and share open-source, vendor-neutral clinical information components
(`archetypes` and `templates`) which can be consumed, persisted and
queried by different technology stacks, as long as they adhere to the
openEHR specifications. Examples of archetypes used in this project are
`Procedure`, `Symptom`, and `` Imaging result` ``. These are managed by
the openEHR Foundation using the [Clinical Knowledge
Manager](http://openehr.org/ckm) tool and mirrored to
[Github](https://github.com/openEHR/CKM-mirror), with a CC-BY-SA
licence.

A repository of archetypes and templates designed for UK use is
maintained jointly by NHS Scotland, Apperta Foundation and RippleOSI at
<http://clinicalmodels.org.uk> and and mirrored to a [Git
repository](https://github.com/ClinicalModelsUK/ckm). HSCIC also have an
openEHR CKM repository at <http://ckm.hscic.gov.uk/ckm/>.
