title: "Home page and navigation" permalink: EHREX2-navigation.html
summary: This section provides an overview of the EHR Explorer home page
and how to navigate to the various functions. ---

# Home page

![EHR Explorer Home Page](/images/ehr_explorer_landing_page.jpg)

The home page provides access to the different functions. Each of the
functions is briefly described below, and there is also a separate page
for each which describes all the available functionality in more detail.

# Navigation

To navigate to any of the available functions, just use the menu bar at
the top.

## 1\. Settings and log out

![EHR Explorer Settings](/images/ehr_explorer_settings.jpg)

The button on the very right hand side provides access to the settings
screen and allows you to log out. On the settings screen you can define
your default domain (if you have more than one), choose whether to have
a domain selector available on the login screen, define client and
server languages, enable "|" notation and choose the template list label
from either Template Id, Default name or Localised name.

## 2\. Models

![EHR Explorer Models](/images/ehr_explorer_models.jpg)

The Models option switches to the Models view where you can import,
search and view archetypes and templates. To find out more about this
function, [click here]({{site.baseurl}}/EHREX3-models.html)

## 3\. Form Builder

![EHR Explorer Models](/images/ehr_explorer_models.jpg)

The Form Builder option allows you to create, run, save and test basic
forms for entering data directly in the Clinical Data Repository. To
find out more about this function, [click
here]({{site.baseurl}}/EHREX4-form-builder.html)

## 4\. Documents

![EHR Explorer Documents](/images/ehr_explorer_documents_blank.jpg)

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim
veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea
commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate
velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint
occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt
mollit anim id est laborum.

## 5\. Query

![EHR Explorer Query](/images/ehr_explorer_query_blank.jpg)

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim
veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea
commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate
velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint
occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt
mollit anim id est laborum.
